read back country practice with fair
where will you think of the horse
stability in our conditions today okay
thank you coach an aid how are things
looking in your snow pit hard are you
finding any layers recrystallisation or
service or something okay for you I
rating this this zone now I would want
to write anything Steve I don't think
but I think this very cool lot deeper
snow pack what's our depth right here at
Jones pass with this aspect anywhere
from two hundred and sixty centimeters
about a 120 it's pretty good snow pack
this year it's no vector so thrilled
Colorado
Nate what are you doing at the moment
what's up there